Don't pass Remix Vite plugin to the vite-node compiler (#1308)
vanilla-extract-css/vanilla-extract: .changeset/vite-plugin-remix.md

---
'@vanilla-extract/vite-plugin': patch
---

Don't pass Remix Vite plugin to the vite-node compiler

> Remix throws an error if it's loaded without a config file, like we do when we initialise the vite-node compiler.

Author: ```suggestion
Remix throws an error if it's loaded without a config file, which is what we do when we initialise the vite-node compiler.
```
